[CDN] Add GenericBreakingChange for all cdn command (#17275)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/Cdn/Cdn/ChangeLog.md

-->

## Upcoming Release

> * Add breaking changes message for upcoming breaking change release of Version 2.0.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added breaking change message for upcoming breaking change release of version 2.0.0
```

## Upcoming Release

> ## Version 1.8.2

Reviewer: Please don't add version for change log.
